Okay, now yes, good afternoon,
that's finally over / the main channel please I would
appreciate it if you stopped by to say
medicines until the notification okay I
still think they haven't been published
yet I think it won't be published but
okay tell me if you're going to get the
notification and such forgive me forgive me I
know that today I had promised the live at
6 in the afternoon
more here comes the stop
and it has come up and it
started to hurt me it started to hurt I haven't
realized I think it's going to
pass more of hers pill up and I have
like mounted the muscles the tendons I
have no [ __ ] idea what's wrong with me
but it hurts and it's having a terrible day okay she's been
calling and looking for work all afternoon
but there weren't any available
for her okay everyone told me
tomorrow it happened she can't find any or
anything she's a [ __ ] mess yesterday I could
n't sleep at night I had slept
at noon a little bit I
feel terrible I'm sorry forgive me but it
hurts so much I haven't found any work
neither that she comes nor that I go I
present to you my new toy for which
this video recorded Alex to  what time is it
alexa what time is the german cable de
pasito it's 9:52 at night alexa say
hello
hello I'm alexa and I'm designed to
adapt to your voice
you can ask me to play music or
answer questions I can also
tell you that you're pregnant suddenly
extruded good and alexa do you have a boyfriend
nobody right very single
alexa stop
alexa
play background music for work at
volume 2
I already skip the video notification
thanks and manuel give it and give it line
alexa play copyright free music you do
n't understand I
don't understand it's taking too long alexa play
background music it's
too low
alexa change it and
turn it up alex change change the
song and turn up the volume
alexa with the safe volume
alexa for volume 4
like that no kids
[Music]
that's fine it's not very loud like
yours
[Music]
to the exam volume 3 volume 3
this place is the place good now yes I have to
announce something okay this is
special for Mrs. Hería but
I have the support of the kids
okay because
I'm going to get involved well we have
committed to a job me and the two
editors have been doing
crazy work today and
part of it is Drew's on the other hand
when I finished it
this morning
with this back problem well I couldn't well I can't
sleep all night at 7 in
the morning
I got out of bed and I start
working I can do things and so on
plus tomorrow they get vaccinated at nine in
the morning tomorrow I have the vaccine and today I ca
n't go to bed very late so I'm
going to sit here a little bit I want to
review all the videos that I had made
about the double series
to put cards on it okay
and when I started reviewing all
the videos I realized several things
okay the first thing that I realized
was that it really caught my attention is
that when I started making the videos for
the doc a series I
had 60 thousand subscribers less than
now
[Music]
60 thousand subscribers less than now it's let
's go there are channels that don't have 60 thousand
subscribers
60 thousand subscribers a lot of people who
have known me lately
so that makes me think that there are a
lot of people a lot of people who have not
seen  all the videos I've made okay
and then apart from how I've swallowed all
the videos on the side that would be today all
the videos of the series that I've made
I realize that I was a great worker
only that I was doing it to
pat myself on the back okay but there are videos
that are really good
and then I came to the conclusion it stays there it came
out a documentary of the
host
knowing how to take
the parts of all the videos that I've
made I think there are like 15 or 16 we're not going to
go exactly in how much it was
taken there are some that I've omitted
because some are direct okay
but what are my videos what are
my videos
from episode 0
until I throw Miguel in front of it well the
polygraph this last one that he says
too but I'm not going to include that one
because it's very recent the one from free people
and yes I am going to include it Gregorio thank you very much
structuring all the material well all
the investigation that I did dismantling
dismembering each episode the
documentary comes out to me a documentary
okay for now I
have started it I have removed all the
spam
we have to remove all the things that
repeat in one video to another okay, there's going to be
a program
of approximately 4 or 5 hours,
a good documentary, that was the part that
Antonella viable
in her day, I'll add some brushstrokes of the
interview that we did but it comes out there
well structured, well structured,
all the topics that I've been touching on in
all the videos okay no, I don't
want you to understand it, I mean, it's not about
playing all the videos in a
row 123 of all the videos no, that's
not about choosing the videos and putting them together in
such a way and mixing them it's about making a
mix with all the videos that I've made
of the documentary and part of the
interviews that I've done, for example, the one
about putting on track a good part of
some of the questions that I asked him if it's about
looking at it, it's linking all the videos in such a
way that a documentary is going to come out okay, it
's a documentary that's going to last four or
five hours
and we're probably going to broadcast it on
Friday, we're going to try to have it by
Friday, it
depends on the editors' computers,
it's [ __ ] crazy what I
've committed to if it doesn't come out on
Friday, then it comes out on Sunday okay if it doesn't
come out on Friday, it comes out on Sunday okay
but if we're going to do it, we're not going to  to
do because there are a lot of people who haven't
seen it and seriously dismantle and destroy
the entire documentary,
assemble and destroy absolutely
the entire documentary to see today Monday for the
good of probably this one
if we don't have too much inconvenience for
the good of putting it together but well if it's not
for the good we don't do it on Sunday
during the week we confirm the date
the ideal would be Friday to broadcast it
from here we will leave
okay
look here Drew is speaking to me
Alexa stop for
now it would be this okay what have
come to mind it's that I
saw them in such a way this would not be the
order but so that you can group them it
would be around here okay I do
n't know if you realize any
more that I may have missed okay it
's for Remi thank you
very much thank you very much for coming
Alexa play the music again
Alexa I don't like
Alexa but don't remove it for the one I
like
okay but this is copyright
Alexa stop
and the thing is
Arantxa thank you very much it's going to be a
[ __ ] job Austria it's already a [ __ ] mess
and this afternoon
I had already regretted having
gotten into that mess I don't know what name
put it
you have an editor like drew because you're the
king well not only did he hand it over with
this drew is already with his part and then he
has to pass it to me so I can do
something else and I pass it to rick and
risk the one who puts the final review
okay but it's going to be a docum a counter
documentary I would call it okay or so I
want you to let me know if it's to
continue with this
giovanni and thank you very much carry in
a huge hug when I upload this to the
secondary channel this deal this
video extract to the secondary channel
I want you to give it a line and comment with
a hello all the people who are going to
watch the live broadcast because I think
the ideal would be to broadcast it on Friday
okay it lasts like 5 hours well I think
starting it at nine thirty or something like that
would be good okay so many of you
have seen some of my videos others
have seen them all but most of you
haven't seen them all okay
putting them all together and structuring it
commenting on each episode the documentary
each part what the girl does what the boy does the
abuse what the judge does the judge
pim pam pam it's an absolute
disaster, there's no need for Antonio
Davis to come, show his papers, if there's one, well,
if necessary, but apart from that, okay, it's
not like watching them together, I'll do it, don't make a
mistake, we're not going to put it on, we're
going to put on all the videos that I've
made one after the other, that's not it,
and putting them all together properly, mixing them
all together properly, it's a [ __ ] hell of a job, it's a
[ __ ] hell of a job that
this afternoon I was already regretting it,
this afternoon we were already putting our hands
to our heads, okay,
because obviously you have to compile
everything, the important thing is to remove the spam,
remove the greetings, remove the
dismissals, the subscribes and the likes,
no, no, all on the same day, Maria, it would be a
documentary that lasts 4 or 5 hours, a
program, let's say we're going to broadcast it
live, okay, the idea is to broadcast it,
the idea is to broadcast it on Friday night, if it ca
n't be on Friday, we'll broadcast it on
Sunday, okay, but we'll try to make it on Friday
night
and we'll try to make it on Friday night,
okay, then I need to know if we should
give it a go or not, I need
Javi, I'll see you from Miami  how do I become a
monthly member of your channel raquel if you
're on the computer or an
android phone you have a button that says join it's
like it's a 4 hour movie it's
like it's a sálvame or any
other documentary each
program of the documentary that they have shown
with the debate that they put on lasted
four or five hours
ok
guys it's going to be great if everything comes out
like I have it in my head it's going to be the
option but it's a lot of work
but it's a lot of work not now here in
the director don't comment it's when I upload
this extract ok I need to calculate
maestro karim thank you very much hug
I need to calculate how much audience that's going to have to
put more effort into it - lidia
thank you very much
so I need
everyone who is going to watch it live to like it
when we invite them to see if we can
break an audience record ok and
apart from that
suggest titles from big entities
what title could we give it
ok I need to see it if I see that this
video has
5000 light well for me there you have the
videos but if I see that the video has
10,000  20,000 30,000 light
but be honest don't give it a like just for the sake of it
be honest that you're going to see it you're
going to be live live
on Friday night supporting us supporting us
and you're going to see it I assure you that we'll
do a good job you
know that when you promise give the
big like javi examines and thank you very much he's already
gone when I promise to
do a good job we do it okay no
gay not seeing each other
is like very
game over it's like very put a name
pod found what series to continue
giving us life brabo it's totally a
con of cv series
is totally a con against
documentary well today's comment
okay we already thought about this deal today he
mentioned the youtube interview on
ana rosa' on la rosa's program
no it's not that it's very much like the kids that
a game over as such it's not because not
seeing will be when anthony goes to
present a report for dad
but the thing is that he's already watching my video
dismantles the whole [ __ ] docudrama
if what I have in my head comes out okay we'll
add it  things and so on
dismantles the entire docudrama
of the total amount of the program but I
need that to be the [ __ ] host
like it goes really really viral
well I'm going to ask for it to have one hundred thousand
viewers like the Antonio
Davis interview but man
that it's not that they are not direct normal
3000 viewers you
understand then I'm announcing it
since it's Monday so that
you can count on it okay
José Juan thank you very much
of course throughout the documentary
while it's airing I'm going to
be in the chat
and you guys so that the super
chats that you guys put up
appear on screen and are
recorded in this documentary
your opinion is going to be very strong it's going to be very
strong or it's going to be very strong but you
have to know that on Friday
night or at a bad time Sunday
night you have to count on your
agenda at 9 at night when they
air so
Jake kills the queen I have
n't thought of a title like I
don't know I'll think about it
well of your suggestions of
course but that they are not offensive  You
know that I don't disrespect
anyone, as long as it's not offensive or
threatening, but it is eye-catching.
The next one is eye-catching.
If things have to be added,
places have to be added. Don't worry, it's going to
be like a [ __ ] movie, but
four hours long. But of course, obviously, I
need to know who is who's going to be there. Okay,
why because it's a lot of
work. Monday is perfect for me. Jjj
for López, for Monday's vacation,
beautiful, the destination, vacation, beautiful. I'm leaving on
Monday. Monday I'm going on vacation and it's
been a week of vacation. I'm coming back the
following Monday.
Call me, I'm not going to take a
laptop and no vacation.
The good one won't be able to
continue, petal, master Karim. The uploaded ones will be seen,
but I want the audience to be
live. A little bit revealed.
Elena Martín, thank you very much. It doesn't take apart
so much rice, so continue, yes,
okay, like Telecinco, as is the
documentary, what about editing, editing the
documentary,
but well, the title will be confirmed in a couple of days.
Someone commissioned Rio to do the intro, okay, and yes, Ivan, if
we have a summer.  calm down chavez
[Music]
what happens is that it is true that
the editors are going to work very hard and
all that stuff I need to know what a
shame what a shame he
remade lies and video tapes if
person is going to attract attention do
n't worry don't send me now
suspect with the possible titles
leave it in the comments giving reservation
this extract the beginning of the end does
n't call me doesn't
call me doesn't call me
astro felix thank you very much
probably
a title that I will be fine would be like the
title of the first video I made rocío
carrasco I don't believe you
can I put it rocío carrasco I don't
believe you dismantling the domus series
something like that
on friday I am working in my pub the
title has to be the most point of
vacation no band no jota jota jota jota jota jota
twenty for tarifa
no no don't come to me again michu rilla my
title would be living flowers on the
paper tower a hug darling and a
huge hug thanks for your work very nice
this title for a success heart beautiful
title that one but don't go badly don't
lose more attention  to people who don't
know what it is you understand
but anyway don't make the
suggestions now because they're going to waste their
air leaving them in the extract in fact
when the grapes no now here don't
comment on the live you understand me don't
give a line to this live what I need
is that this extract when I upload it that
in this extract we are going to talk about that
telecinco has spoken about the
interview on youtube I need you to
give it there is absolutely each and every
one of the people who commit to
being okay I think that the good time to
broadcast it at nine for every 9 it
would end at around 2 in the morning
call without pause
without pause I tell you that if we are going to
do it it will be
if we are going to do it it will be
wow wow wow I
tell you that we are going to see it I doubt it
but I already know that it will be there once
uploaded but I want you to see it
live as if it were a program every
time you go on vacation it gets
messed up your word
almost every time I go on
vacation it takes my laptop
member of your content thank you
Thank you so much Lorena, a
huge hug from work in me like my love
in the where are you heart time slot aha let's
see I'm going to put the sálvame
de luz slot if we have it on Sunday but of
course the idea is that the idea is that it makes it
a prime time program
this would be to broadcast milk well me karime
we are already working on it
in fact drew has been already well I have been
stuck and all morning from 7 in
the morning until I could not sleep for
a while and drew and drew has been all
afternoon tangled up
the salseros that come out while they are on
vacation well they will deal with it when I
get back
but from vacation on Monday with this
success with a huge success
okay no no so
nothing good look at what things that
I did not know
but to be honest to be
honest and I found out about this
because they sent it to me by email
[Music]
mediaset yes, yes, they have spoken
about the interview on youtube on a couple
of occasions okay yes the upp at the
time that in fact the same I think that
the live image that surprised me
because I said ocean news news in media  c is
not there so yes I knew at the
time and also they put our
names let's see
so I knew
for the video
[Music]
of these media and that makes me feel
super and I why
so a very absurd strategy not to
talk about the interview Antonio Davis
so a very absurd strategy wanting to
silence this because
because it could have even taken out
content but well the fact is that they
sent me by email this no for example
look yes they mentioned the interview
that Marina did with him
Marina Bernal in La Razón okay
here you have it look on the 26th of June
the 26th of June which was very clear the 26th of
June you see the interview that
Marina did with him La Razón is mentioned here
ok and he the
day after the interview
in fact nothing the next day -
exclaims a well-known interview it was on the 28th,
a 29th
I think the 29th yes I think that if these years
following at six in the afternoon look the
next day on Telecinco Snow two
cars from Miras they mentioned the interview
if they brought out the part of the daughter the
audio that he sent they comment on it okay  look if
we know the story of Rocío
Flores Valencia that
in some way we appear on the Telecinco page,
you know, like this, a very strategy is that in
fact, in fact, she asked me for permission
for the images that I said of course
as long as they are not
manipulated,
not to talk because it could have taken
content, that is, south of ERC, it is to
silence that of no one to raise the fact
of the interview, it really seems to me a
very absurd strategy, it is very clumsy,
right, clumsy because denying that that has
existed, the statements that
Antonia Bid gave before, whether they were more or less
interesting or had more or less
content, but damn, it would have
given them material, it would have given them material, you
know,
but well, it will be our decision.
Good evening, sir. Good evening,
Alvaro, how are you? I am going to put the
donations here in the middle of the
screen, man, I
think it would be this, the center of the
screen because they always appear in my
face,
in my face.
Well, and today they have made a small
mention, even if it is without a name,
but at least to the existence of the
interview here on Ana Rosa, Beatriz
Cortazar, who works with Federico
Jimenez Losantos on
Federico's show they did talk at
length about the interview even about
the questions we asked him not
especially things that
the silence of the mountain ranges is that it has to
be a title that
somehow pep to thank you very much darling it
has to be a title that
somehow includes the name Antonia bio of
Rocío Carrasco because because [ __ ] because there might be
people who don't understand how to
shed light I'm not doing
and she's at what she's good at I
trust that people are going to be watching
it legally judicially her lawyer
on the private channel on the
youtube channel has spoken to lose her
emotions and how she was more
than entering there I
also tell you he was born prepared he was born
prepared beatriz cortazar has
mentioned it because the natural exit
of the soul and at that moment nobody from the dome can come down to cut him off but it's true that they didn't want to even take pictures or comment on it or anything a very absurd strategy because it has been on all the television channels at the
time
on the eastern channel of Castilla La Mancha
knows
each  Bitter demand barea just
sent me an email asking for help
saying that it doesn't appear in my live broadcasts on
Facebook. On Facebook, I don't do live broadcasts. I can't
do live broadcasts on Facebook because,
look, they didn't want to monetize me and I'm not
going to do them on Facebook. I do everything on
YouTube and you can watch YouTube on
TV if you want by putting YouTube on
TV. Javi Oliveira Pop. And when you're
putting all this in and
what I said, gentlemen, I'll wait for you. Please, it won't
be confirmed tomorrow after tomorrow if it will be Friday or
Sunday. We'll try to make it Friday.
I would like it to be
Friday because on Sunday, let's see. I
have to go on vacation early on Monday.
I would like to leave it
closed on Friday, okay then I
need to commit yes or yes,
Javi. Thank you very much for that super chat.